Hanan/activate validators (#267)
ObolNetwork/obol-docs: docs/int/quickstart/advanced/quickstart-sdk.md

> The Obol-SDK is in an alpha state and should be used with caution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Obol-SDK is in an alpha state and should be used with caution, particularly on mainnet. 
```

1. Operators navigate to `https://<NETWORK_NAME_HERE>.launchpad.obol.tech/dv?configHash=<CONFIG_HASH_HERE>` and complete the [run a DV with others](../group/quickstart-group-operator.md) flow.
1. Once the DKG is complete, and operators are using the `--publish` flag, the created cluster details will be posted to the Obol API
1. The creator will be able to retrieve this data with `obol.getClusterLock(configHash)`, to use for activating the newly created validator.

## Retrieve the created Distributed Validators using the SDK

Once the DKG is complete, the proposer of the cluster can retrieve key data such as the validator public keys and their associated deposit data messages.

```js
const clusterLock = await obol.getClusterLock(configHash);
```

Reference lock files can be found [here](https://github.com/ObolNetwork/charon/tree/main/cluster/testdata).

## Activate the DVs using the deposit contract

> In order to activate cluster validator, the cluster operator can retrieve the validator associated deposit data and call deposit from the deposit contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to activate the distributed validators, the cluster operator can retrieve the validators' associated deposit data from the lock file and use it to craft transactions to the `deposit()` method on the deposit contract.
```

```js
const WEI_FACTOR = 10 ** 18;

const validatorDepositData =
  clusterLock.distributed_validators[validatorIndex].deposit_data;

const depositContract = new ethers.Contract(
  DEPOSIT_CONTRACT_ADDRESS, // 0x00000000219ab540356cBB839Cbe05303d7705Fa for Mainnet, 0xff50ed3d0ec03aC01D4C79aAd74928BFF48a7b2b for Goerli
  depositContractABI, // https://etherscan.io/address/0x00000000219ab540356cBB839Cbe05303d7705Fa#code for Mainnet, and replace the address for Goerli
  signer
);

const principal = BigNumber.from(validatorDepositData.amount); // 32 ethers

> const TX_VALUE = principal.mul(WEI_FACTOR);

Reviewer: Have you tested this? I would have thought principal coming from our API ends up being `"32000000000"`. So multiplying by a further 18 decimals leads to too many decimals and too high a value?

I would imagine we multiply by `10 ** 9` to get the outcome we want. 

Here's a calculator to help test https://eth-converter.com/

Author: You are right. Fixing it
